Previously
on "Grey's Anatomy"...
I want -- I want a wife
and a house and a family!
Amelia and, uh, Owen's
wedding today -- I want that!
I can't marry him because
I'm already married.
Okay,
don't do that, okay?
Let's get you into
you bed.
No, no. Stop.
[ Laughs ]
Dr. Karev, hold on.
Hey. What are you --
Alex!
Bailey: You made an astonishing
error in judgment...
If you had been anyone else, you
wouldn't have been suspended.
You would have been fired.
And I'm done talking about
this here -- church and state.
My baby is dying,
its blood supply is cut off,
and it's going to die.
You saved
two lives today.
I like him.
-Who?
-Riggs.
I really like him.
♪♪
♪ I ain't got no problem ♪
♪ That's for real ♪
♪ i ain't got no drama ♪
♪ 'cause she know the deal ♪
Meredith: Don't you wish
you could just take it back --
that thing you said,
that thing you did.
They look very happy.
They do.
Yeah, that won't last.
I'm not saying
I don't want it to.
I'm not just being an ass.
Actually...
It's just never been
my experience of happiness.
That it lasts.
There's no "undo" button.
There's only hoping
we can learn, we can change.
Right?
We can do better.
Has it been yours?
♪ 'Cause my baby got a lot ♪
But do we have to
do this right now?
You're right.
Time and place, my bad.
They did literally
just get married,
so let's try to be happy
for them for like five minutes.
Absolutely.
Okay.
Yes! Let's be happy.
You want to dance?
Well, not that happy.
No?
All right, well,
then, um...
You want to get
out of here?
And do what?
Be somewhere else.
Together.
We can't take back
what we've done.
Are we doing this?
Doing what?
Dancing.
It has been
a very stressful day.
And now it is over.
The newlyweds are wed.
Mission accomplished.
And now is traditionally
the time when we dance.
-So, who's with me?
-Not her.
I guess it's you, then.
Hmm.
We can't undo the past.
'Cause the future
keeps coming at us.
[ Siren wails ]
Isaac:
What do we got?
We got a male, mid-20s.
Status post-blunt trauma
to the face and neck.
Oh, my God. DeLuca.
Possible zygomatic fracture,
a broken nose.
He might have
a brain injury.
What happened?
[ Sighs ]
We'll need a CT.
All right, let's get him
to Trauma One.
-Let's go.
-Page Avery!
Two champagnes.
You got it.
I thought you were dancing
with Maggie.
Eh, Webber cut in.
Where were we?
[ Sighs ]
You have to stop.
Stop what?
You have to stop being
where I am, talking to me.
Sounds unreasonable
with our jobs.
Besides, I like being
where you are.
Stop.
We have a problem.
I have a problem.
What's that?
[ Cellphone ringing ]
Hold this.
My phone is ringing.
Jo.
Hey, Wilson.
What's up?
Wilson.
Slow down, slow down,
slow down.
Take a breath.
What happened to DeLuca?
Richard: [ Laughs ]
No, you're too good.
I can't keep up with you.
[ Exhales sharply ]
You should have seen me
in high school.
In high school,
I only danced in my room.
[ Laughs ]
Meredith's a good dancer.
Meredith's always trying
to get people to dance.
Something has happened
to DeLuca.
What?
He's in the E.R.
He's been hurt.
That's all I know.
I should go.
Should I go?
You should go.
She's been drinking.
Can you drive her?
Sure.
Where are you going?
-God.
-What happened?
Broken nose.
Bleeding posteriorly.
I paged Avery.
No. Karev,
what happened to him?
He's got a hyphema --
the anterior chamber of
his eye's filled with blood.
[ Sighs ] DeLuca.
Look up for me.
Yeah, it's entrapped.
[ Gasping ]
[ Coughing ]
DeLuca, DeLuca!
Calm down.
It's gonna be --
It's all right.
It's bleeding through
his airway. He's aspirating.
We need to intubate him.
Push 20 of etomidate.
Chief?
The police are here.
-Where's Avery?
-I put a call out to plastics.
I didn't ask for plastics.
I asked for Avery.
I'm here, I'm here.
What the hell?
Looks like an orbital floor
fracture with entrapment.
Who did this?
Head and face CT are pending.
Look, can you just
reset his nose, please?
What happened, Jo?
[ Sobbing ] I just --
He shouldn't have
come back here.
Who shouldn't have
come back here?
Here you go.
Just take it easy.
Jo, where's Alex now?
Now's not the time.
[ Cries ]
[ Sighs ]
Will you stay with her?
Me?
She called you.
Jackson: I need to reduce
his fractured septum.
Bruising around the clavicle.
There's an obvious deformity.
He broke it.
All right,
let's get a chest film.
Start him on
a Lorazepam drip.
All right, on my count.
1, 2, 3.
[ Bone crunches ]
[ Andrew gasps ]
-CT's ready.
-Alex.
May I speak to you
for a moment?
-We ready to go?
-I got it.
Alex?
All right, let's go.
Alex!
I got this.
Now.
All right,
let's move him.
Say something.
What do you want me to say?
You think no one is gonna
realize this is you?
Look at that hand.
You could go to jail.
This is assault.
I'm a doctor. I have a duty
to report you to Bailey.
I came home.
He was on top of her.
Jo was drunk.
He was... He --
Mer, come on.
You're gonna turn me
in to Bailey?
You slipped in the rain.
That's how you hurt your hand.
Mer. Hey.
Have you seen Andrew?
I heard it's bad.
They said it's bad.
They're taking him to CT.
Oh, my God.
What happened?
I don't know.
♪♪
DeLuca.
And he's a surgeon here?
He's a surgical resident,
yes.
And you don't know
the nature of the incident?
Well, his face
is smashed in, so...
I mean as it pertains
to...
That's all I know.
It might have --
He might have been mugged.
It might have been a bar fight
or something.
He was with one of our doctors
when he came in, Dr. Karev.
That's --
K-A-R-E-V.
I'll tell him to find you.
[ Police radio chatter ]
Excuse me.
Tatum, go ahead.
Chief, you want me
to page Dr. Hunt?
On his wedding night?
Why would you do that?
Kepner's out.
Hunt's out.
I was just wondering
who's covering Trauma.
Uh...
Um, looks like it's you.
[ Scoffs ]
Wait, you mean it?
I'm coming back?
I just said, "It looks like
it's you," didn't I?
Uh, look. If you see Karev,
have him find me?
Why? What do -- what
do you think happened?
I don't know what happened.
That's why I want to find Karev.
Miranda...
What?
Nothing. Nothing.
Okay.
DeLuca came into the E.R.,
apparently beaten pretty badly.
Can you tell me
what happened?
I don't remember
anything.
Was he here with you?
[ Sighs ]
Jo.
Did DeLuca hurt you?
Do I need to call the police?
Did he try and --
No. No. No. He --
It wasn't his fault.
It was my fault. I --
I ruined it.
I ruined everything.
How?
He brought me home,
and then I told him a--
Oh, my God.
What? What?
You told him what --
I have to go to the hospital.
I have to see Alex.
Whoa, whoa. No, you're not
gonna go anywhere now.
Now, is there someone
I could call?
Y-your mom or your dad?
I don't ha--
You don't know anything.
I'm sorry.
Wilson, who can I call?
Just please go.
No. Not when you're
like this.
No, yes, because I am drunk
and gross and I am your surgeon.
I'm one of your surgeons.
I'm a good surgeon.
This isn't me,
so I just --
I'm okay now.
So I will see you again
when I am a surgeon, okay?
So just please go --
No, no, no.
You drank too much, okay?
You screwed up,
and now everything is
crashing down around you.
Just go.
Hey, hey. Well,
you came to the right guy.
Because I've done it
more than you ever will.
And I can tell you
from experience...
With a little coffee
and a little sunlight,
your troubles
will get smaller.
And the world will
keep standing.
I promise.
Okay?
Okay.
I have coffee.
Good.
[ Sighs ]
We'll get you some food
and some aspirin
and you'll feel better.
And it will
come back to you.
And whatever happened,
you can tell me.
Or you can tell me who
you'd like to talk to.
Sound all right?
[ Door closes in distance ]
Well, hell.
[ Horns honking ]
Woman: Go around the block!
[ Elevator bell dings ]
What's wrong?
Nothing. It's just --
It's weird.
We broke up -- Badly.
I-I-I'm not sure if I'm
the person he wants to see.
Forget it.
I'm being crazy.
Huh.
What?
No, I thought you were
still with him.
With DeLuca? Me?
[ Chuckles ] No.
You thought that?
Yeah. I mean,
you were very --
No! No. He broke --
We broke --
It ended.
Okay.
Yeah, a while ago.
It was just too hard, you know,
with us working together --
Yeah, well, I get that.
Not that it couldn't work
at work with work people.
I think it can.
It could with
the right work people.
[ Ventilator hissing ]
Oh, God.
Hi.
It's Maggie.
I'm here.
Has he been conscious?
He was on intake,
but we had to tube him.
What's it look like?
His head CT's clear, but he does
have an eight-ball hyphema.
Who did this?
We don't know.
Karev brought him in, but we
haven't heard what happened yet.
Actually, we should find out
who we need to call.
I'm gonna go grab
his personnel file.
His mother.
She's probably at work.
I'll call her.
She knows me.
♪♪
[ Siren wails in distance ]
[ Sighs ]
[ Door opens ]
How is he?
Is there a brain injury?
[ Sighs ]
He just got out of CT.
Did you see his scan?
Well, no, but the radiologist
said they're clear.
Will you look? Will you
look at it yourself?
Alex, they said --
What if they missed something?
What if --
What if he has a delayed bleed
and he drops dead tomorrow?
I will.
I will look at the scans.
Alex, this is really bad.
It's bad. I know. I know.
I just --
I-I went crazy.
I just -- I --
[ Door closes ]
[ Sighs ]
What if I talk to DeLuca,
just, you know,
before he says anything.
Maybe you should
talk to the police.
No, no, no. Can we wait until
we find out how bad it is?
You know, just --
Go -- go check
his scans, please.
I will go check the scans.
Hey, um, have you talked
to the police yet?
Uh, yeah. Uh, no.
I mean -- Uh [stammers] why?
Miranda said you should
come see her.
How's the hand?
What?
It looked like it was
giving you trouble earlier.
Oh.
I slipped in the rain.
Look, man, uh,
DeLuca's gonna clear everything
up when he gets out of surgery,
so is there anything --
There isn't.
[ Smacks lips ]
Okay.
You know, I got the guy here.
I helped him, okay?
Mm-hmm.
This eye's a big problem.
His pressure is getting
out of control --
We need to get him to an O.R.
with an ophthalmologist
right away.
Could he lose his eyesight?
The thing is, the eye's
paralyzed. It's trapped
in the fractured socket.
We get in there, we free it,
then we drain the blood.
I've got a call into
Jan Reger.
She's great, but she's
in Whidbey Island, so --
You can't do it?
Uh, technically, yes,
I -- I could --
Then why are we waiting
for Jan Reger?
She's an ophthalmologist.
I'd rather have --
It's his eyesight.
It's his career, Jackson.
Let's not wait.
She's right. Avery,
if you can do it, do it.
I'll do it.
How's Kepner doing?
She's good.
She's, uh, sleeping.
Hm.
[ Baby fussing ]
What --
What are you doing?
Hey. Shhh.
I'm here, I'm here.
Oh, she was just
fussing a little bit,
so I thought you could
use the sleep,
and I just swooped her up.
We are bonding.
Somebody's just fascinated
with their grandma.
Riveted. Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
How are you feeling?
I'm okay. Hurt.
Oh, no doubt.
April, I can't believe
what you went through.
[ Sighs ]
It was worth it.
She's beautiful.
She's just absolutely beautiful.
Mm-hmm.
I just wish I knew
what to call her.
Jackson didn't tell you?
Mnh-mnh.
No, I just got here.
He'd probably want to
be here to tell you.
We don't have to wait
for him.
Well, uh...
[ Exhales sharply ]
We wanted something
strong, memorable...
Is it Catherine?
[ Gasps ]
Are you little Catherine?
We thought there could
only be one Catherine.
Her name is Harriet.
Harriet.
Mm-hmm.
Oh.
I like it.
Tubman. [ Chuckles ]
Exactly. Tubman.
Also "The Spy."
Which is
a very good book.
I love it.
Harriet Avery.
It's beautiful.
It just flows.
I'm sorry, who said
her name was Avery?
♪♪
Are those Andrew's
head CTs?
I thought they were clean.
Yeah, I'm just
double-checking.
I want to make sure
we didn't miss anything.
They look good.
Thanks.
God.
What do you think happened?
I don't know. Maybe
a mugging or something.
I just got off the phone
with his parents.
And apparently, he neglected to
tell them that we had broken up.
Oh, God.
Mer, was I really
crappy to him?
DeLuca?
He broke up with you.
He's a good, good guy.
Am I being stupid?
Chasing after Riggs,
when DeLuca was right there?
I mean, am I being stupid?
I don't know. Maybe.
I was gonna talk to
Riggs tonight.
At the wedding, while we
were dancing, I was gonna say,
"Hey, how about
you and me?"
And then Richard Webber
jock-blocked me.
[ Chuckling ]
Of course.
[ Chuckling ] And now Riggs
thinks I'm in love with DeLuca.
I swear,
maybe this is just --
Hey.
[ Door closes ]
What are you doing in scrubs?
I thought I'm going in on Avery.
Yeah. I'm going in.
Not to operate.
Just...
I don't know.
To hold his hand.
I guess so.
Yeah.
Yeah. It's stupid.
It's not at all.
He's a good guy.
Nothing wrong with that.
I know, but I'm not --
I don't --
Come on, he's gorgeous.
You can't do much better.
♪♪
Good luck.
I hope it works out.
Okay.
Thanks.
[ Sighs ]
Hm.
You all right, then?
Thank you for
bringing Maggie.
I said
"Are you all right?"
I'm fine.
But you don't need to do that.
You don't need to check on me.
What? I'm a nice guy.
I'm being nice.
It's what I do.
You were very nice.
You did a nice thing for Maggie.
But now you're ruining it.
[ Sighs ]
You okay?
Listen, Alex,
it wasn't --
You were drunk.
It wasn't your fault,
I know.
What are you talking about?
DeLuca.
He pushed himself
on you, right?
You were drunk and he tried
to take advantage of you --
No. No, no, no, no.
Alex. I --
I was drunk, yes,
because I was upset
you had left.
You were upset about us?
About me?
Yes, of course!
So this is what you do?
You bring this guy back
to our place to screw?
If you would just
let me talk to you --
'Cause you were upset.
Just listen to me!
You know what?
Forget it.
It's like I said,
you can't help it,
it's not your fault.
It's easy for you
to throw people away,
to just move on
when things are bad.
It's not you.
It's the way you were raised --
Or not raised.
I wanted to marry you.
I was asking you for something
you're not capable of.
I should have known better.
Okay. So, first, the muscle
of his eye is trapped here
in the bone fracture,
so I'm just gonna pop it out.
There we go.
All right.
Micro scalpel, please?
Will he see again?
We'll see.
Once I am able to flush
the blood out of there,
his intraocular pressure
should come down
and his vision
should return.
But don't worry.
His eyes should be
just as pretty as ever.
Will everyone stop
doing that?
I want his eyes to work
because they're his eyes.
Sorry. You're right.
And he's a surgeon.
He can't be one with one eye.
Okay?
It doesn't mean that I love him
or I miss him or I'm pining.
He's a friend.
No, he's not a friend because
the breakup was a train wreck,
and he probably hates me,
but he is a person,
or was a person,
that I was personal with.
I mean, you had feelings.
You had huge feelings,
and you can't be expected
just to turn those feelings off
like some robot.
Especially if you've
been through
something horrible
together.
I get it.
Yeah, you do.
Try having a baby
with him.
That's okay.
I'm good.
Hello. How we doing?
Good.
Almost done here.
How is he?
He's got
a grade four hyphema.
Dr. Avery's trying
to drain it now...
But...?
I'd be worried about rebleeds,
long-term vision loss.
Which would mean...
Whoever did this just ended
his career as a surgeon.
You know, I, um...
I think I know
who it is.
[ Sighs ]
Why haven't you
said anything?
I'm not sure, um...
I --I think because
I can guess what he did.
He reacted.
In a split second,
in the moment,
and a horrible thing
happened.
I know what that's like.
What about you?
It is just blind loyalty?
It's not blind.
He's earned it.
When I first got here,
he was one of the worst people
I had ever met in my life.
And now he's
one of the best.
And I know both of those people
are still in there.
I just want to make sure
the right one wins.
Well, anyway, I --
I don't think it
should come from me.
Me, either.
Okay. There you are.
What are you doing here?
Webber called me.
He said he thought you
might be with me.
He said DeLuca got beat up,
and then you ran off.
Look, I'm here 'cause
I'm your friend, dummy.
What happened?
What are you doing?
I'm leaving.
Okay, fine.
I'll drive you.
No, I'm leaving, leaving.
You're quitting?
Yeah.
You're quitting
the program.
And you're not gonna
tell me what this is?
I can't.
You -- Okay, hey.
What the hell? Jo.
[ Sighs ]
What happened with DeLuca?
You can talk to me.
I'm the one that left you
at the bar with him. What?
[ Sighs ]
Stephanie: She was
really upset about Karev.
She was also really drunk.
So you left her
with DeLuca?
To keep her safe, yes.
I didn't want to leave
her there alone.
So he made sure
she got home okay,
and you have to
understand --
I do. She wanted to
hurt Alex back.
But she may have hurt him
for good this time.
I mean, this could
end his career.
I mean, this goes well beyond
just sleeping with another guy.
She didn't sleep
with DeLuca.
Did he force himself
on her?
No, he --
He kept her safe!
He got her home.
He made sure she was okay.
DeLuca was kind and nice
and thoughtful, and --
DeLuca was trying to
keep her from getting hurt
or from hurting herself,
and then you walked in.
Okay, how do you know
Edwards isn't lying
about the whole thing?
Because I wanted her to be,
which is awful.
But I was hoping
for some reason
that you beat that man
half to death
that doesn't make you
a monster.
You know she wasn't lying.
Is DeLuca out of surgery?
Did he wake up?
You have to go to Bailey
and say something.
[ Sighs ]
[ Punches wall ]
If he presses charges...
He should press charges.
He's not the bad guy here,
and Jo isn't the bad guy.
We're the bad guys --
Really bad guys.
If I don't say something...
If you don't say something...
I want to run.
You can't run.
[ Sighs ]
I thought I grew up.
I just said this
to Jo yesterday.
I went back there t-t-to talk
to her, to make things right,
to do the grown-up thing.
Alex...
Let me talk to DeLuca.
Just let me try, okay?
[ Sighs ]
[ Door opens ]
Wilson!
Did you hear
what happened?
[ Sighs ] Not yet.
But I know it's not
worth leaving here.
I made a mess.
I can't fix it.
I can only make it worse.
So I am walking
away from it.
It's better for everyone,
okay?
Just --
Move. Please.
No.
I don't know what happened,
but whatever it is,
you won't get it fixed
by running from it.
And you won't gain anything
by quitting.
We don't quit.
I won't let you.
Now, you ditched me
once today.
I'm not gonna let it
happen again.
[ Sniffles ]
[ Sighs ]
I mean, she's your baby.
You can call her
whatever you want.
Just as long as
it's "Avery."
[ Chuckles ]
I'll say this.
Avery wasn't my name,
either.
But I took it on
and I built it into something.
And the name that I built will
open doors for this little girl.
I'm just thinking
of her future.
Yeah, well, the name Kepner
means something, too.
What?
[ Harriet coos ]
Where I come from,
it means good people,
a tireless work ethic,
a fair and honest price
for quality pork,
the people you call
when you're in trouble.
Yeah, it may not open doors,
but Kepner means something.
Now, can I have my --
Aah!
It's all right.
I've got her.
No, Catherine,
I can hold my own baby.
No, April, you can't.
No, you can't.
You nearly died bringing
her into this world.
You did something
superhuman.
So now you get to
rest and heal.
Harriet's just fine.
She's got her grandma,
and that's what grandmas
are for.
So now just relax.
Sleep for an hour.
You're gonna have
her whole life to hold her.
Rest and heal.
She's gonna need you.
[ Sighs ]
Couldn't you hyphenate?
Avery-Kepner?
We are hyphenating, Mom.
Oh.
That's what we
decided, right?
Yes. Kepner-Avery.
Well, why didn't you
say that?
Because she's my baby.
That's your baby.
She is my baby.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Monitors beeping ]
Woman:
Dr. Leo, call the pharmacy.
[ Telephone ringing ]
[ Footsteps approach ]
Who's there?
Who is it?
Is somebody there?
I'm sorry.
Jo.
Are you okay?
Am I okay?
You were pretty drunk,
and I was out.
I was worried
that he was gonna --
No. I'm -- I'm -- I'm fine.
I'm perfectly fine.
How are you?
You tell me.
How am I looking?
You look...
really ugly.
[ Laughs, coughs ]
Don't make me laugh.
[ Sighs ]
I'm sorry for putting you
in that position.
Don't. It was just wrong place,
wrong time.
No, you were trying to
help me, and I j-- I just --
Jo.
It wasn't you.
It was him.
Please don't tell anyone.
What I told you about...
That I --
That -- that
you're married?
Yeah. Please.
Oh, I see.
That's why you came here,
huh?
I thought you came here
'cause you cared.
No, that's -- That's not --
[stammers]
You know what?
Don't worry.
It's cool. Your, uh --
Your secret's safe.
You know, you could
pick better guys.
Jo?
What are you doing here?
Can I talk to you, please?
[ Breathing heavily ]
Get -- get away from me.
No! Please.
Listen, DeLuca,
I didn't know.
No, go away!
Get out of here!
[ Groans ]
-You came to my house --
-Leave!
-I saw you on top of her.
-Alex, go!
Somebody!
-Go!
-Somebody!
[ Alarm beeping ]
[ Groans ]
Help!
I'm sorry.
Help! [ Gasping ]
-Call security, somebody?
-Sir. just calm down, all right?
-We need you to calm down.
-Let's calm him down.
♪ All I do ♪
♪ Is think about you ♪
You all right?
Oh, sorry, nope.
Forget I asked.
♪ Sleep late and wake up then ♪
Well, you can tell Maggie
that her boy's angio...
♪ I'll just stay in my bed ♪
showed no vascular injury,
so no worries.
Thanks.
He's not her boy.
♪ Tell me if there is a way ♪
He's hurt.
She's just being kind.
♪ To fall out of love with you ♪
All right.
I have to do something.
♪ 'Cause all I do,
I do all day ♪
That I don't want to do.
Then don't do it.
♪ Is missin' my time with you ♪
I have to.
Then do it.
I will.
♪ Now that I don't have you ♪
Nathan...
Come and sit with me
a while.
♪ It's all I do ♪
♪ I'll go to dance ♪
♪ Class ends at 9:00 P.M. ♪
♪ I'll go right back home
again, oh ♪
♪ Tell me if there is a way ♪
♪ To fall out of love with you ♪
♪ 'Cause all I do,
I do all day ♪
♪ Is missin' my time with you ♪
♪ Tell me what I should do ♪
♪ I'm on my knees, I pray ♪
♪ That I will be okay ♪
[ Sighs ]
♪ You're just a memory to me ♪
What? Grey, what?
♪ But still all I do, all day,
is livin' a lie ♪
I don't have time to --
[ Sighs ]
♪ Thinking what it'd be like
if you stayed ♪
It was Alex.
♪ It's all I do ♪
What was Alex?
The person who
beat up DeLuca...
♪ Is think about ♪
...was Alex.
When did you know?
I knew.
Something happened between
Wilson and DeLuca.
Oh, stop.
Just stop.
Dr. Bailey --
Hey. Call security.
Tell them to find
the police.
Tell them Dr. Karev
does not leave this hospital.
What?
Meredith.
It's Alex?
Yeah, come on.
You knew it?
And you didn't
say anything?
[ Sighs ]
Karev.
You're under arrest
for aggravated assault.
He just walked up
and turned himself in.
Made it real easy.
He'll be city lock-up.
You have the right
to remain silent.
Anything you say can be used
against you in a court of law.
You have the right
to an attorney
and to have an attorney
present during questioning.
If you cannot afford
an attorney, one will
be appointed for you.
♪ There's a stirring
in this head of mine ♪
Do you understand these rights
as I have read them to you?
Yes.
♪ I can't find the things
I know ♪
♪ There's a shadow
where I used to shine ♪
♪ That tries to hide behind
the smoke ♪
♪ Through the storm,
angels sleep ♪
♪ When I'm miles from home,
counting days and weeks ♪
♪ If I'm never lost,
in your dreams ♪
♪ When I lose my heart,
bring it back to me ♪
♪ Please bring it back to me ♪
♪ Oo-oo-ooh ♪
♪ Oo-oo-oo-oo-ooh ♪
♪ Like a feather never
on the ground ♪
♪ I carry on this empty road ♪
♪ Who do you follow when there's
no one else around you? ♪
♪ Tell me where I need to go ♪
♪ When I'm in the den,
lions roar ♪
♪ When I need to fight,
be my shield and sword ♪
♪ 'Cause if I'm never lost
in your dreams ♪
♪ When I lose my heart,
bring it back to me ♪
♪ Please bring it back to me ♪
♪ Oo-oo-ooh ♪
♪ Oo-oo-oo-oo-ooh ♪
[ Siren wails ]
♪ I'm a broken man,
help me breathe ♪
♪ 'Cause I've lost my heart,
so bring it back to me ♪
You were just gonna lie
to everyone?
♪ Oh, I'm feeling lost
in my dreams ♪
♪ Oh, I've lost my heart
so bring it back to me ♪
Ow!
Did you know about Karev?
No! I didn't.
Not for sure.
[ Scoffs ]
Ow!
Warren.
I have been lied to
by so many people today.
If you lied to me, too...
I guessed, okay?
I had suspicions.
What?
And you didn't tell me?
Because I didn't know.
Okay, look, you can tell your
wife when you have suspicions,
but you can't tell
the Chief.
And you weren't my wife.
You were the Chief.
Church and state.
[ Smooches ]
[ Sighs ]
Hmm.
[ Knocks on door ]
I wasn't going to lie
to everyone.
You lied to me.
I asked you what happened,
and you lied.
Alex and I were
trying to --
Trying to what?
Trying to figure out a way
to justify the beating
he gave to Andrew?
What?
[ Sighs ]
I don't know.
I poured my heart out
to you all day.
And you knew this.
It wasn't about you,
Maggie.
I am your sister.
[ Sighs ] I know.
Do you?
'Cause it means
something different to me.
You encouraged me to stay.
You offered me
a home and a family.
And I accepted.
And I wasn't kidding.
I will go down swinging
for you.
It means something to me.
I thought I could
trust you.
You can.
From here on out.
Don't do it again.
Don't lie to me again.
Okay.
[ Doorbell rings ]
[ Sighs ] I'm --
I'm gonna get that.
Oh, God.
What are you doing here?
I want to know what
the problem is.
What?
At the wedding,
you said we had a problem.
I want to know what
the problem is.
The problem is you showing
up here, looking for --
What are you looking for?
I'm not looking for anything.
It's right here.
Meredith.
Hey! Listen.
There's something
happening here.
Shh.
We both know it.
So what's the problem?
Someone is going to
get hurt.
I can handle it.
Not you.
From what I can see,
you seem indestructible.
So what's the problem?
Tell me.
The problem is...
you're wrong.
I don't feel the same way.
♪ There's a hole in my heart ♪
So let's just drop it,
okay?
♪ I've been hiding ♪
Good night.
♪ I've been strong for so long
that I'm blind ♪
Meredith: Best to keep
the past in the past.
Move on. Learn from it.
♪ Is there a place I can go
where the lonely river flows? ♪
Who was that?
Oh. That was no one.
It was just someone looking
for directions.
♪ Where fear ends
and faith begins ♪
Where are you going?
If we don't learn
from our mistakes...
♪ Hallelujah, hallelujah,
let me in ♪
...we wind up locked into
a future we'd never choose.
♪ I've been praying,
but I'm paying for my sins ♪
♪ Won't you give me a sign
before I lose my mind? ♪
It was nice knowing you.
Shut up.
What?
You think I'm keeping my job
or my medical license?
We don't know what's
going to happen.
I'll tell you what
isn't gonna happen.
♪ Whoa, hallelujah, let me in ♪
Me ever setting foot
in that hospital again.
[ Sighs ] Sorry.
♪ Who-o-o-o-a ♪
[ Sighs ] Why?
You didn't punch the guy.
♪ Hallelujah ♪
But I told Bailey.
♪ Who-o-o-o-a ♪
You did?
Yes. I had to.
♪ Whoa, hallelujah,
let me in ♪
I know.
It's better.
You did the right thing.
Mm. Right now, being the guy who
got beat up would feel better.
You said it yourself.
We're grown-ups.
We can't run.
We have to face up to
the stupid things we do.
♪ Whoa, whoa, let me in ♪
Supposedly, if you
face up to them,
something good comes out of it.
I don't know what, but...
♪ Whoa, whoa, let me in ♪
15 to 20, probably.
[ Sighs ] I'm sorry.
Shut up.
♪ Please forgive me
for my sins ♪
♪ Whoa, hallelujah, let me in ♪
The past is written.
There's no changing it.
♪ Hallelujah, let me in ♪
What's done is done.
But the future
is ours to choose.
♪ Whoa, hallelujah, let me in ♪
For better or worse.
♪♪